h1. OpenVK

*OpenVK* is an attempt to create a simple CMS that -cosplays- imitates old VK. Code provided here is not stable yet.
VKontakte belongs to Pavel Durov and mail.ru.
To be honest, we don't even know whether it even works. However, this version is maintained and we will be happy to accept your bugreports "in our bug-tracker":https://github.com/openvk/openvk/projects/1. You should also be able to submit them using "ticketing system":https://openvk.su/support?act=new (you will need an OVK account for this).

h2. When's the release?

Please use the master branch, as it has the most changes.

h2. Instances

* *"openvk.su":https://openvk.su/*

h2. Can I create my own OpenVK instance?

Yes! And you're very welcome to.
However, OVK makes use of Chandler Application Server. This software requires extensions, that may not be provided by your hosting provider (namely, sodium and yaml. this extensions are available on most of ISPManager hostings).
Simply put, we would recommend you to use latest CentOS (running on your own VDS/Dedicated) with latest PHP from EPEL. We used to have this configuration on our "testing instance":https://openvk.su/ and thus will be able to provide quicker support for OVK running in this environment.
If you want, you can add your instance to the list above so that people can register there.

h3. Installation procedure

"samukhin":https://github.com/samukhin is working on a Docker container that contains a microblog version of OpenVK, see "#76":https://github.com/openvk/openvk/pull/76 for details. (Experimental)

# Install Composer, Node.js, Yarn and "Chandler":https://github.com/openvk/chandler
# Install "commitcaptcha":https://github.com/openvk/commitcaptcha and OpenVK as Chandler extensions and enable them like this:
@ln -s /path/to/chandler/extensions/available/commitcaptcha /path/to/chandler/extensions/enabled/@
@ln -s /path/to/chandler/extensions/available/openvk /path/to/chandler/extensions/enabled/@
# Import install/init-static-db.sql to *same database* you installed Chandler to
# Import install/init-event-db.sql to *separate database*
# Rename openvk-example.yml to openvk.yml and change options
# Run @composer install@ in OpenVK directory
# Move to Web/static/js and execute @yarn install@
# Set openvk as your root app in chandler.yml

Once you are done, you can login as a system administrator on the network itself (no registration required):
* *Login*: admin@localhost.localdomain6
* *Password*: admin
It is recommended to change the password before using the built-in account.

h3. If my website uses OpenVK, should I publish it's sources?

You are encouraged to do so. We don't enforce this though. You can keep your sources to yourself (unless you distribute your OpenVK distro to other people).
You also not required to publish source texts of your themepacks and plugins.

h2. Where can I get assistance?

You may reach out to us via:
* "Bug-tracker":https://github.com/openvk/openvk/projects/1
* "Ticketing system":https://openvk.su/support?act=new
* Telegram chat: Go to "our channel":https://t.me/openvkch and open discussion in our channel menu.
* "Reddit":https://www.reddit.com/r/openvk/
* "Discussions":https://github.com/openvk/openvk/discussions

*Attention*: bug tracker and telegram chat are public places. And ticketing system is being served by volunteers. If you need to report something, that shouldn't be immediately disclosed to general public (for instance, vulnerability report), *please use contact us directly*:
* *Head of OpenVK Security Commitee*: stingray@jill.pl or "@id155":https://t.me/id155
* *Backend developer*: "@saddyteirusu":https://t.me/saddyteirusu
